[Elixir] Concept exercise: booleans (#1132)
exercism/v3: languages/elixir/exercises/concept/booleans/.docs/after.md

Elixir represents true and false values with the boolean type. There are only two values -- _true_ and _false_. These values can be bound to a variable:

```elixir
is_true = true
is_false = false
```

> We can combine boolean values into expressions using boolean logical operators.  `and/2`, `or/2`, and `not/1` are commonly used in expressions to evaluate multiple boolean values to a single result. These are considered strict operators, since they only work with boolean values.

Reviewer: I don't know if this is useful to mention, but you could consider referring to operator precedence rules and how to "escape" them (see [this example](https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/languages/fsharp/exercises/concept/booleans/.docs/after.md)).

Elixir represents true and false values with the boolean type. There are only two values -- _true_ and _false_. These values can be bound to a variable and combined with boolean operators (`and/2`, `or/2`, `not/1`):

```elixir

> is_true = true and true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
true_variable = true and true
```
Since `is_x` is usually reserved for boolean functions usable in guards, this may be more clear.

Author: sure

is_false = true and false

is_true = false or true
is_false = false or false

is_true = not false
is_false = not true
```

Boolean operators use _short-circuit evaluation_, which means that right-hand side of the operator is only evaluated with needed.

Each of the operators has a different precendence, where `not/1` is evaluated before `and/2`, `or/2`.

```elixir
not true and false # => false
not (true and false) # => true
```

In Elixir, when a function returns a boolean value, it often has a [`?` for a suffix][naming]:

```elixir

> def either_true?(one, two) do
>   one or two

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
def either_true?(a, b) do
  a or b
```
It's pretty common to use letters when representing conditions in boolean logic. I found `one` and `two` slightly confusing because it made me think of the numbers `1` and `2`.

Author: Sure
